feat(pipelines): actions can default to the pipeline service role instead of a newly created role (#33991)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/pipelines/README.md

`pipelineName`, `crossAccountKeys`, `reuseCrossRegionSupportStacks`, or `role`
because those values are passed in directly to the underlying `codepipeline.Pipeline`.

### Use pipeline service role as default action role in pipeline

> If you don't want cdk helps you automatically create roles for each actions(like CodeBuild step ,etc.),you could set `usePipelineServiceRoleForActions` as true to use pipeline service role as default action role in Codepipeline if no action role provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default CDK automatically creates roles for each action (`CodeBuildStep`, etc).
If you prefer to use the pipeline service role as default instead, set the `usePipelineRoleForActions` property.
This will tell CDK to default to the pipeline service role in AWS CodePipeline if no action role is provided.
```
